The aim of this project is to find the corresponding location of sensors from force plate, and wearable device (smart insole). 
It will also map the 3D scanned foot plantar area to the insole. 
The base location or coordinate is based on the plot from Gensole. 
All the other datasets will be mapped to the insole area and derived the coordinate of sensor position.

The result of this project is to process the data from devices so that they are match to the insole area for further deep learning training.
The other result is to find the optimise the sensor placement of wearable device so that 16 FSR can capture as much info as possible.

1. Insole area process
    1.1 Use AutoCAD to modify the Gensole plot to generate a set of insole with different sizes according to Insole Size guide from insoles.com.
        The output is a polyline of the edge of insole. The output will be saved as png files with dimension 640*640.
    1.2 Using Python script to convert the png files into csv files with 640 lines and 640 columns. 
        The edge line as well as enclosure area will be labelled as 1, the background area will be labelled as 0.

2. Force plate data process
    2.1 Using python script to pre-process csv datasheet from E-mat.
        Seperate left and right foot from a 98*64 csv file
        Keep the scale and refill the left and right images to dimension of 64*64, and save as both csv files.
        Resize the csv files to 640*640, each cell of csv will be come same value of 10*10 cells.
        Convert the csv files into png files.
    2.2 Keep the scale and adjust the position and angle of the png files, so that the maximum points are fall into the area of insole.
        Save the bias of x, y and the rotation angle
        Save png files into csv files, so that the data from force plate will have new coordinates.

3. 3D scanned model process

4. Wearable device data process
    4.1 Using anatomy method to locate the sensor placement position and the coordinate.
    4.2 Using down sampling method to locate the sensor place.
    4.3 Design deep learning methods to find the optimal sensor placement.